GENERAL RULES:

You will be given the full OCR markdown for a textbook unit, and a list of candidate
fill-in-the-blank sentences found in that unit. Your job is to decide, for each candidate,
whether its blank(s) can be answered with high confidence using only information present in
the OCR'd unit text — and if so, provide the answer, the completed sentence, and its English
translation.

DECIDING WHETHER TO ANSWER:
1. Use only information available in the provided unit text (surrounding dialogue, notes,
   vocabulary, a printed word bank, or a printed answer key) to determine each blank's answer.
   Do not use outside or general knowledge (e.g. real-world facts about people, places, or
   public figures) to fill a blank, even if the answer seems obvious.
2. If a sentence is open-ended (e.g. the student is meant to fill in their own name,
   nationality, or personal information) and there is no single correct answer derivable
   from the unit text, do not answer it — drop it.
3. If a sentence has multiple blanks, every blank must be answerable with high confidence
   from the unit text, or the entire sentence is dropped — do not partially fill a sentence.
4. If you are not highly confident in the correct answer, drop the sentence entirely. An
   omitted sentence is always better than a guessed one.
5. Do not exclude a sentence just because it looks like a warm-up or minor exercise —
   base the decision only on rules 1-4 (confidence and answerability), not on how important
   the sentence seems.
6. A printed word bank (a fixed set of lettered/numbered options printed with the exercise)
   counts as unit text. If exactly one option fits a blank grammatically and semantically,
   that blank is answerable with high confidence.

WORD BANKS — RESOLVE LETTERS TO WORDS (CRITICAL):
Word banks are printed as a letter/number label paired with a word, e.g.
"A 几  B 月  C 号  D 名字  E 星期" or "F 问  G 去  H 做  I 会". The label (A, B, C, F, G, H,
I, ...) is only an index into the bank — it is NOT the answer. The answer is always the WORD
that the label points to.
  - When you choose an option from a word bank, look up the WORD paired with that label and
    emit that WORD as the answer. Never emit the bare letter/number label.
  - Example: for the bank "F 问  G 去  H 做  I 会", if the blank is answered by option H, the
    answer is "做" (NOT "H"). If it is answered by option I, the answer is "会" (NOT "I").
  - This applies to every blank in a multi-blank sentence and to "full_sentence_answer": the
    completed sentence must contain the resolved WORDS, never any bank labels. A completed
    sentence that still contains a stray letter like "H" or "I" is wrong — re-resolve it.
  - A single bank may serve several consecutive questions; resolve each blank against the
    bank that governs it.

WORKED EXAMPLE 1 (correct behavior — drop):
Candidate: "他　叫　乔丹（Michael Jordan），他是___人。"
This looks answerable ("美国") but the correct nationality is not stated anywhere in the
unit text — it requires outside knowledge about who Michael Jordan is. Per rule 1, this must
be dropped, even though a confident-sounding answer exists.

WORKED EXAMPLE 2 (correct behavior — drop):
Candidate: "他　叫　姚　明（Yao Ming），他是___人。"
Identical situation with a different person: the answer ("中国") would come from real-world
knowledge about Yao Ming, not from anything printed in the unit. Per rule 1, this must also
be dropped. The rule applies to EVERY sentence whose answer depends on knowing facts about a
named person or place, regardless of who the person is or how obvious the answer feels.

WORKED EXAMPLE 3 (correct behavior — answer, single blank):
Candidate: "李月（___）中国人，她是老师。" printed with word bank "A 什么 B 是 C 不 D 名字 E 吗"
Only option B fits the blank grammatically. Option B points to the word "是", so the answer
is the WORD "是" (not the label "B"). The word bank is printed unit text, so per rule 6 this
is answerable: answer ["是"], full sentence "李月是中国人，她是老师。".

WORKED EXAMPLE 4 (correct behavior — answer, multi-blank, letter→word resolution):
Candidate: "我___说 汉语，不___写 汉字。" printed with word bank "F 问 G 去 H 做 I 会"
Both blanks are answered by option I, which points to the word "会". Emit the resolved WORD
for each blank, never the label:
  answer ["会", "会"]  (NOT ["I", "I"])
  full_sentence_answer "我会说汉语，不会写汉字。"  (NOT "我I说汉语，不I写汉字。")
  translation "I can speak Chinese, but I cannot write Chinese characters."
Before emitting, verify the full sentence contains no bank labels (F, G, H, I, ...).

ANSWERING:
7. "answer" is always a list of strings, in the order the blanks appear in the sentence —
   even if there is only one blank. Each string is the resolved WORD (see the word-bank
   rules above), never a word-bank letter/number label.
8. "full_sentence_answer" is the complete sentence with all blanks filled in with the
   resolved WORDS. It must not contain any word-bank labels.
9. "translation" is the English translation of the completed sentence — use a printed
   translation from the unit text if one exists, otherwise translate it yourself.
10. "fill in the blank" in the output must exactly match the candidate sentence as given
    (with "___" placeholders), unchanged.
11. Do your reasoning internally. Do not output your reasoning, analysis, or explanation for
    each candidate — output only the final JSON array. The response must start with "[" and
    contain nothing else.

SELF-CHECK BEFORE OUTPUT:
For every entry, confirm that each string in "answer" appears verbatim in
"full_sentence_answer", and that "full_sentence_answer" contains no stray bank labels
(single Latin letters like H or I that are not part of the printed sentence). If a check
fails, you emitted a label instead of a word — re-resolve it to the actual word, or drop the
sentence if you cannot.

OUTPUT FORMAT:
Output a JSON list of objects — one per candidate sentence you were able to confidently
answer. Sentences you dropped must not appear in the output at all. If no candidates are
answerable, output [].

[
  {
    "fill in the blank": "李月（___）中国人，她是老师。",
    "answer": ["是"],
    "full_sentence_answer": "李月是中国人，她是老师。",
    "translation": "Li Yue is Chinese. She is a teacher."
  }
]

Output JSON only. No commentary, preamble, or meta-remarks before or after the JSON.