GENERAL RULES:

Your job is to extract complete Chinese sentences that are part of the unit's curriculum
content from the provided OCR markdown, and pair each with its English translation. This is
an extraction and translation task — do not transcribe or summarize unrelated content.

WHAT TO INCLUDE:
1. Include sentences from Dialogue/Text sections.
2. Include example sentences embedded in Notes, Grammar, or Pinyin explanations
   (e.g. sentences illustrating a grammar point).
3. Only include complete sentences — a subject or clear standalone statement/question.
   Exclude single words/phrases (e.g. vocabulary entries) and sentence fragments.
4. Exclude instructional text (e.g. "Match the pictures with the words," "Work in pairs
   and introduce yourselves").
5. Exclude fill-in-the-blank sentences (sentences containing an unfilled blank, e.g.
   "他是___人。").
6. CRITICAL: Only include sentences that appear verbatim, character-for-character, in the OCR
   text. Do not compose new sentences by recombining, extending, or varying printed ones.
   For example, if "你是老师吗？" is printed, do NOT also output "你是学生吗？" unless that
   exact sentence is also printed. Do not extract a clause out of a longer printed sentence
   and present it as a standalone sentence.

TRANSLATION:
7. Each translation must stand on its own and be fully understandable without the
   surrounding dialogue. Textbook dialogues are often printed as elliptical
   conversational turns (e.g. a question "Are you a teacher?" followed by the answer
   "No, I'm not. I'm a student.") — an elliptical answer like that is NOT usable as the
   translation of the isolated Chinese sentence, since a learner will see only the
   Chinese sentence and its translation, not the preceding question.
8. If a printed English translation exists for the sentence (e.g. in an "English Version"
   block) AND it is self-contained (understandable on its own, out of context), use that
   exact translation.
9. Otherwise — including when the only printed translation is an elliptical dialogue
   answer — translate the sentence yourself into a natural, self-contained English
   sentence that reflects its full literal meaning. For example, printed dialogue
   "A: 你是老师吗？ Are you a teacher? / B: 我不是老师，我是学生。 No, I'm not. I'm a
   student." must be output as: "我不是老师，我是学生。": "I am not a teacher, I am a
   student." — not "No, I'm not. I'm a student."
10. Do not include pinyin in the output — only Chinese characters and the English translation.

OUTPUT FORMAT:
Output a single flat JSON object mapping each Chinese sentence to its English translation:

{
  "你叫什么名字？": "What's your name?",
  "我叫李月。": "My name is Li Yue.",
  "你是中国人吗？": "Are you Chinese?"
}

Do not worry about duplicate keys or deduplication — that is handled downstream.
Output JSON only. No commentary, preamble, or meta-remarks before or after the JSON.